Using az connectedk8s proxy for arc clusters (#26)
Azure/k8s-set-context: README.md

  </thead>
  <tr>
    <td><code>method</code><br/>Method</td>

>     <td>(Optional) Acceptable values: kubeconfig/service-account/spn. Default value: kubeconfig</td>

Reviewer: nitpick: capital SPN

Author: done

    <td><code>k8s-secret</code><br/>Secret</td>
    <td>(Relevant for service account approach) Secret associated with the service account to be used for deployments</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>cluster-type</code><br/>Type of cluster</td>
    <td>Type of cluster. Acceptable values: generic/arc</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>creds</code><br/>Service principal credentials for az login</td>
    <td>Provide json output of 'az ad sp create-for-rbac --sdk-auth' command</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>cluster-name</code><br/>Name of arc cluster</td>
    <td>Provide name of arc cluster.Applicable for cluster-type of 'arc'.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>resource-group</code><br/>resource group</td>

>     <td>Provide name of resource group that contains the arc cluster.Applicable for cluster-type of 'arc'.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <td>Resource group containing the Azure Arc enabled Kubernetes cluster. Required only if cluster-type is 'arc'.</td>

```
